kube-capacity: add page (#2864)
tldr-pages/tldr: pages/common/kube-capacity.md

# kube-capacity

> > This is a simple CLI that provides an overview of the resource requests, limits, and utilization in a Kubernetes cluster.

Reviewer: Perhaps this will read better?
```suggestion
> A simple CLI that provides an overview of the resource requests, limits, and utilization in a Kubernetes cluster.
```

> > It attempts to combine the best parts of the output from kubectl top and kubectl describe into an easy to use CLI focused on cluster resources.

Reviewer: Perhaps this will read better?
```suggestion
> Combine the best parts of `kubectl top` and `kubectl describe` into a CLI focused on cluster resources.
> Homepage: <https://github.com/robscott/kube-capacity>.
```

We mention it's a "simple CLI" in the above line, so I'm not sure we need "easy to use" in this one.

> - Output a list of nodes with the total CPU and Memory resource reqeusts and limits:

Reviewer: Typo?

```suggestion
- Output a list of nodes with the total CPU and Memory resource requests and limits:
```
